can you guess what it is Alan Greenspan
the former fed chairman has stated that
despite the froth in equities they are
not in a bubble when compared to bonds
Mr irrational exuberance himself is
talking about bubbles central banks
created this mess and they will cause
the crash you came here for the truth
welcome to the money GPS I am your host
Hillary Clinton and today we are going
to talk about this issue plus I want to
get into Wells Fargo let's talk about
this first Equity bears hunting for
excess in the stock market might be
better off worrying about bond prices
that's according to Allan Greenspan
himself that's where the actual bubble
is and when it pops it will be bad for
everyone so let's look at the quotes
that he mentioned here I want to tell
you why this is important by any measure
real long-term interest rates are much
too low and therefore unsustainable when
they move higher they're likely to move
reasonably fast and that's the type of
thing that I like to say all the time
because everything starts to snowball
and pick up speed just like any type of
Crash that you've ever seen it usually
goes downward a lot faster than it took
to get there in the first place we are
experiencing a
bubble that's his words not in stock
stock prices but in bond prices this is
not discounted in the marketplace and
that's what I think is important to note
not just with bonds but with any sort of
asset or anything that you are
analyzing understand that has the market
already priced this in and for example
if you would say that the market has
already priced in the fact that they are
going to pull off the balance sheet of
the Federal Reserve and that 4.5
trillion would be brought down to 2
trillion within a 6-month period the
market would start pricing that in even
before it ever
happens that's what you need to
understand it's very important how the
market works it works in anticipation of
that doesn't happen overnight happens in
stages but that's the way it works if
they believe that quantitative easing
will continue for a certain period of
time the market prices that in stocks
continue to rise if they believe they're
going to pull back on that then the
market prices that in so on and so forth
while the consensus of Wall Street
forecasters is still for low rates to
persist green span is in a loan and
warning that they will break higher and
it goes on right here at the bottom the
real problem here is that when the bond
market bubble collapses long-term
interest rates will rise and he talks
about the fact that we're headed into a
crisis not seen since the 1970s okay so
what we're talking about here is
longterm interest rates and I don't know
how they are going to rise necessarily
but I do believe that they will rise and
I think that this will be the Catalyst
or the Lynch pin that will break the
backs of many people that's what it is
it's interest rates forget about
everything else forget about all the
policies that they put in place and
regulations and removing regulations and
this and that doesn't matter interest
rates are the key many people can only
afford the things they have because
they've used an extreme amount of
Leverage and debt and then it is has
been borrowed at a very low cost if
those costs rise we have a multiplier
effect a lot of people are going to be
hurt and it's going to extend into
businesses it's going to extend into the
national debt we have a very big problem
ahead of us
now look at
this a bond fund veteran is more worried
than he has ever been the head of the
global fixed income at JP Morgan has
spent almost four decades investing in
bonds okay this guy would be considered
a pro in the field okay he has a 432
billion pot of fixed income assets okay
so he's obviously an important
individual when it comes the bonds and
those in the financial industry take the
guy seriously the next 18 months are
going to be incredibly challenging and I
am not an equity investor but I can just
imagine how Equity investors felt in 99
during the do
bubble so what is he talking about here
he's worried about the central banks
retreating from their quantitative
easing how are they going to do it
successfully how is this ever going to
be able to actually central banks
including the US Federal Reserve the
European Central Bank and the bank of
Japan have collectively amassed $1 13
trillion worth of bonds on their balance
sheet are showing signs of Shifting in
policy 13
trillion in bonds printed money to buy
bonds the debt of the nations are
being essentially
printed and in a very very very bad way
because the money is of course
loaned that is profit for the central
banks they are always making profit they
are corporations like any other and
they're you know they have to appease
the shareholders that's exactly what's
going
on the Federal Reserve said in June they
would gradually begin selling some of
its gigantic Bond portfolio the FED is
also slowly starting to raise interest
rates it goes into how Canada is doing
so and everything else I don't know how
far they'll get before they run into a
crisis but I have to say that if
mortgage rates get around that 4 to 5%
range you're going to have a lot of
people who are hurt by that if you talk
about the national debt you can see that
they can't already at this point they
can't pay the national debt they can't
service the interest payments on it
that's how bad it's become now when you
add on to that you simply pour the gas
lean onto the fire so let's change this
up a little bit I want to show you this
outcome of the financial crisis on
central bank balance sheets and look
where it's headed 13 trillion in in all
of this garbage that they've
bought Wall Street is livid not really
over Wells Fargo's latest Scandal here
we go again so think about this we've
we've heard this all before from other
Banks more than
800,000 of the bank's autol loan
customers were charged for car insurance
that they did not need Bank after Bank
after Bank have been caught doing
nefarious acts such as this some
instances they say it's not on purpose
and they say that this was an accident
and we'll give you all your money back
don't worry but in other times they're
much more bold so this is Wells Fargo
now if you put on your thinking caps
flip back into the pages of History
you'll remember Wells Fargo from another
Scandal and this here is a whole story
which I won't read to you but
essentially we are talking about how at
the time wacovia later bought by Wells
Fargo
aided the Mexican drug cartels in money
laundering to the degree of
$378
billion this is back 2006 dc9 jet landed
in this city Mexican city Soldier
Mexican soldiers waiting to intercept it
found 128 cases packed with 5.7 tons of
cocaine Valu at 100 million but
something else more important was
discovered in the paper trail behind the
plane the purchase of the plane
and that was they were all laundered
through wacovia and then they said that
wacovia needs to do a better job of
making sure that they don't allow this
to happen in the future you get a little
slap on the wrist and business as
usual that's what
happens you H
single-handedly allow this to occur look
I can't scratch my nose at the bank
without them telling me me which way to
twist and turn it you can't go to the
bank and take out a few thousand of your
own money cash it out without them
scrutinizing you and then crucifying you
if you say anything and yet you can
launder $378
billion
BS that's what I say this is a lie that
they were told to the
public and they give them a little slap
on the wrist and $378
billion passes right through and that's
the way this works it's us against the
elite we are not part of that if you
think you're making profit here or there
you're not part of the elite you are
going to be squashed just like everyone
else that's the way this works just to
be
clear go going over to Canada a similar
issue Bank Executives defend the
oversight of sales practices and
testimony to the MPS okay so in Canada I
covered this year on the channel a few
times basically what happened was they
engage in similar tactics such as Wells
Fargo did and you basically what what
happened was they were giving people
putting them into different bank
accounts giving them services that they
did not ask for and they did not need in
in order to make more profits more sales
the go public out of C CBC
basically they uh many many people
hundreds of people came forward to them
and said what they were doing what
they've been forced to do saying their
jobs dependent on it forcing people on
the things that they didn't need old
ladies like all these people that
were screwed over basically by these
banking practices and then they have the
audacity
to go in front of this panel and speak
to them and say nothing that we did was
wrong
nothing there's no reason to have to
investigate or anything else simply we
find ourselves to be absolved of all
guilt and that is the
truth you and I face all the scrutiny
you and I face all the worst of the
worst and people like this they get away
scof free if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
remember that when you give me a thumbs
up it pushes these videos higher up into
the YouTube search rankings so if you
want to see the money GPS continue to
climb I appreciate those thumbs up and I
just want to note that 80% of My Views
come from people who are not subscribed
to me so imagine that that so I would
appreciate it if you do subscribe to the
channel I know many people are watching
these every day but haven't subscribed
so please do so and last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative my first
book is about the four asset classes how
to profit from it and the second book
gets into familiar topics but I also get
into the money GPS strategy and that is
becoming self-sufficient solar panels
earning income so on and so forth so you
can check those out at Amazon links are
in the description below take care